 Title A Phase 1/2 Multicenter Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of KTE-C19 in Subjects with Refractory Aggressive Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (ZUMA-1).
 Indication The indication is for the treatment of adult subjects with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma (PMBCL), transformed follicular lymphoma (TFL), and high grade B-cell lymphoma (HGBCL) after two or more lines of systemic therapy.
 Study Design Study KTE-C19-101 is a Phase 1/2 multicenter, open-label study evaluating the safety and efficacy of axicabtagene ciloleucel in subjects with relapsed or refractory aggressive non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). The trial will be separated into 3 distinct phases designated as the Phase 1 study, Phase 2 pivotal study (Cohort 1 and Cohort 2), and Phase 2 safety management study (Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6). Phase 1 Study During Phase 1 study, approximately 6 to 24 subjects with DLBCL, PMBCL, or TFL will be enrolled to evaluate the safety of axicabtagene ciloleucel regimens. A safety review team (SRT), internal to the study sponsor, will review the safety data and make recommendations on further study conduct of Phase 1 and progression to Phase 2 pivotal study as depicted in Figure 3 and outlined in Section 9.10. Phase 2 Pivotal Study In the Phase 2 pivotal study, approximately 92 subjects will enroll into 2 separate cohorts designated as Cohort 1 and Cohort 2:  Cohort 1 will enroll approximately 72 adult subjects with refractory DLBCL.  Cohort 2 will enroll approximately 20 adult subjects with refractory PMBCL and TFL. TFL is defined as subjects who received prior therapy for follicular lymphoma.
 Phase 2 Safety Management Study In the Phase 2 safety management study (SMS), approximately 170 subjects will enroll into 4 separate cohorts designated as Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6.  Cohort 3 will enroll approximately 40 adult subjects with relapsed or refractory transplant ineligible DLBCL, PMBCL, or TFL.  Cohort 4 will enroll and dose approximately 40 adult subjects with relapsed or refractory DLBCL, PMBCL, TFL or HGBCL after 2 or more lines of systemic therapy.  Cohort 5 will enroll and dose approximately 50 adult subjects with relapsed or refractory DLBCL, PMBCL, TFL or HGBCL after 2 or more lines of systemic therapy.  Cohort 6 will enroll and dose approximately 40 adult subjects with relapsed or refractory DLBCL, PMBCL, TFL, or HGBCL after 2 or more lines of systemic therapy. Independent of the phase of the study each subject will follow the same study treatment schedule and procedural requirements. Each subject will proceed through the following study periods:  Screening  Enrollment/Leukapheresis period  Bridging therapy (if applicable; safety management study only) or debulking therapy (if applicable, safety management study, Cohort 5 only)  Conditioning chemotherapy period  Investigational product (IP) treatment period  Post-treatment assessment period  Long-term follow-up period For study requirements assigned to each study period, refer to Section 7 for details.
 Study Objectives Phase 1 Study The primary objective of Phase 1 is to evaluate the safety of axicabtagene ciloleucel regimens. Phase 2 Pivotal Study The primary objective of the Phase 2 pivotal study is to evaluate the efficacy of axicabtagene ciloleucel, as measured by objective response rate (ORR) in subjects with DLBCL, PMBCL, and TFL. Secondary objectives will include assessing the safety and tolerability of axicabtagene ciloleucel and additional efficacy endpoints.
 Phase 2 Safety Management Study The primary objective of the Phase 2 safety management study is to assess the impact of prophylactic regimens, earlier interventions, tumor debulking, and prophylactic steroid use on the rate and severity of cytokine release syndrome (CRS) and neurologic toxicity. Secondary objectives will include assessment of efficacy, levels of anti-CD19 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cells, cytokines in blood/serum, and the change in European Quality of Life-5 Dimensions (EQ-5D) scores from baseline to Month 6.
 Study Hypothesis and Endpoints Phase 1 Study Primary Endpoint  Incidence of adverse events defined as dose-limiting toxicities (DLT) Secondary Endpoints  Objective response rate (complete response [CR] + partial response [PR]) per the revised International Working Group (IWG) Response Criteria for Malignant Lymphoma  Duration of response (DOR)  Overall survival (OS)  Progression-free survival (PFS)  Incidence of adverse events and clinical significant changes in safety lab values  Incidence of adverse events and clinical significant changes in safety lab values  Levels of anti-CD19 CAR T cells in blood  Levels of cytokines in serum  Incidence of anti-axicabtagene ciloleucel antibodies CCI
