 Phase 2 Safety Management Study No hypothesis will be tested in Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6. Primary Endpoint  Incidence and severity of CRS and neurologic toxicities. Secondary Endpoints  Objective response rate (complete response [CR] + partial response [PR]) per the revised IWG Response Criteria for Malignant Lymphoma (Cheson et al, 2007) as determined by study investigators.  DOR  PFS  OS  Incidence of adverse events and clinically significant changes in safety lab values  Levels of anti-CD19 CAR T cells in blood  Levels of cytokines in blood  Incidence of anti-axicabtagene ciloleucel antibodies  Changes over time in the EQ-5D scale score and visual analogue scale (VAS) score (Phase 2 SMS only) CCI
 Sample Size Approximately 268 to 286 subjects Phase 1 Study: approximately 6 to 24 subjects Phase 2 Pivotal Study: approximately 92 subjects enrolled into 2 cohorts  Cohort 1: approximately 72 subjects  Cohort 2: approximately 20 subjects Phase 2 Safety Management Study: approximately 170 subjects enrolled and dosed within 4 cohorts  Cohort 3: approximately 40 subjects  Cohort 4: approximately 40 subjects  Cohort 5: approximately 50 subjects  Cohort 6: approximately 40 subjects
 Study Eligibility Please refer to Section 5 for a complete and detailed list of inclusion and exclusion criteria for both phases of the study.
 Treatment Investigational Product:  Axicabtagene ciloleucel treatment consists of a single infusion of CAR transduced autologous T cells administered intravenously at a target dose of 2 x 106 anti-CD19 CAR T cells/kg. For subjects weighing greater than 100 kg, a maximum flat dose of 2 x 108 anti-CD19 CAR T cells will be administered. Under circumstances where subjects initially respond and subsequently relapse, subjects may be eligible for a second course of conditioning chemotherapy and axicabtagene ciloleucel. Refer to Section 6 for treatment and Section 7.13.9 for retreatment details. Bridging Therapy (Phase 2 Safety Management Study)  At the discretion of the investigator, bridging therapy may be considered for subjects particularly with high disease burden at screening or baseline assessment (eg, bulky disease or rapidly progressing disease).  For subjects receiving bridging therapy, refer to Section 6 for bridging therapy details. Debulking Therapy (Phase 2 Safety Management Study, Cohort 5)  Debulking therapy should be applied to all subjects enrolled in Cohort 5 with the aim of reducing lymphoma burden. Debulking therapy is to be administered after leukapheresis and prior to administration of conditioning chemotherapy or axicabtagene ciloleucel.  Refer to Section 6.2.2 for debulking therapy details Conditioning Chemotherapy  Axicabtagene ciloleucel is administered after a conditioning chemotherapy regimen consisting of fludarabine 30 mg/m2/day and cyclophosphamide 500 mg/m2/day, administered x 3 days. Refer to Section 6 for chemotherapy treatment details. Additional axicabtagene ciloleucel regimens may be explored in Phase 1 per Section 9.10.
 Procedures At specific time points as outlined in the schedule of assessments, subjects will undergo the following assessments/procedures: collection of informed consent, general medical history including previous treatments for NHL, physical exam including vital signs and performance status, neurologic assessments, blood draws for complete blood count (CBC), chemistry panels, cytokines, C-reactive protein, lymphocyte subsets, anti-axicabtagene ciloleucel antibodies, replication-competent retrovirus (RCR) and anti-CD19 CAR T cell analysis. Women of childbearing potential will undergo a urine or serum pregnancy test. Subjects will also undergo a baseline electrocardiogram (ECG), echocardiogram (ECHO), brain magnetic resonance image (MRI), a positron emission tomography–computed tomography (PET-CT), possible bone marrow aspirate/biopsy and leukapheresis. Subjects assigned to Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6 will complete the EQ-5D questionnaire at baseline and after axicabtagene ciloleucel (see Section 7.4 and schedule of assessments [SOA]) infusion and will have lumbar punctures performed for the collection of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) (see Section 7.9 and SOA) before and after axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion. Routinely throughout the conduct of the study, subjects will be asked to report concomitant medications and adverse events and will have their disease assessed.
 Safety Review Team and Data Safety Monitoring Board An SRT, that is internal to the study sponsor and in collaboration with at least one study investigator, will review safety data in Phase 1 of the study. The SRT will review the safety data and make recommendations on further study conduct of Phase 1 and progression to Phase 2 as depicted in Figure 3 and outlined in Section 9.10. Phase 2 Pivotal Study: An independent Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) will meet when 20 and 50 subjects in the modified intent-to-treat (mITT) set of Cohort 1 have had the opportunity to complete their 3 month disease assessment. The DSMB will review safety and efficacy data and be chartered to make trial conduct recommendations based on an analysis of risk vs. benefit. Phase 2 Safety Management Study: The DSMB will meet to review Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6 safety data when 20 subjects in each cohort have been treated with axicabtagene ciloleucel and have had the opportunity to be followed for 30 days. The DSMB may meet more often as needed. Refer to Section 9.11 and Section 9.12.
 Statistical Considerations Phase 1 Study The primary endpoint for the Phase 1 study is the incidence of DLT. Phase 2 Pivotal Study The primary endpoint for the Phase 2 pivotal study (Cohort 1 and Cohort 2) of the study is objective response rate per the revised IWG Response Criteria for Malignant Lymphoma (Cheson et al, 2007) as determined by the study investigators. This endpoint will be based on a modified intent-to-treat (mITT) population consisting of all subjects enrolled and treated with axicabtagene ciloleucel at a dose of at least 1 X 106 anti-CD19 CAR T cells/kg. This study uses a single-arm design to test for an improvement in response rate CCI . For the test of efficacy this study has ≥ 90% power to distinguish between an active therapy with a 40% true response rate from a therapy with a response rate of 20% or less with a 1-sided alpha level of 0.025. CCI
