9.2. Reporting of Adverse Events
The investigator is responsible for reporting all adverse events observed by the investigator or reported by the subject that occur from enrollment (ie, commencement of leukapheresis) through 3 months after treatment with axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion or until the initiation of another anti-cancer therapy, whichever occurs first.   After 3 months, targeted adverse events including (eg, neurological, hematological, infections, autoimmune disorders, and secondary malignancies) will be monitored and reported for 24 months after treatment with axicabtagene ciloleucel or until disease progression, whichever occurs first. For subjects who are enrolled, but do not receive axicabtagene ciloleucel, the adverse event reporting period ends 30 days after the last study-specific procedure (eg, leukapheresis, conditioning chemotherapy). The investigator must address the below for adverse events:  Adverse event diagnosis or syndrome (if not known, signs or symptoms)  Dates of onset and resolution  Severity  Assessment of relatedness to investigational product, conditioning chemotherapy or study procedures  Action taken Adverse event grading scale used will be the NCI Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version 4.03. A copy of the grading scale can be downloaded from the CTEP home page (http://ctep.cancer.gov). Cytokine Release Syndrome events will also be reported using the grading scale outlined in Section 6.4. In reviewing adverse events, investigators must assess whether the adverse event is possibly related to 1) the investigational product (axicabtagene ciloleucel), 2) conditioning chemotherapy, or 3) any protocol-required study procedure.  The relationship is indicated by a yes or no response and entered into the CRF.  A yes response should indicate that there is evidence to suggest a causal relationship between the study treatment or procedure and the adverse event.  Additional relevant data with respect to describing the adverse event will be collected in the CRFs. The investigator is expected to follow reported adverse events until stabilization or resolution. If a subject begins a new anticancer therapy, the adverse event reporting period for non-serious adverse events ends at the time the new treatment is started. 9.2.1. Reporting Abnormal Laboratory Findings The investigator is responsible for reviewing laboratory test results and determining whether an abnormal value in an individual study subject represents a clinically significant change from the subject’s baseline values.  In general, abnormal laboratory findings without clinical significance (based on the investigator’s judgment) are not to be recorded as AEs.  However, abnormal laboratory findings that result in new or worsening clinical sequelae, or that require therapy or adjustment in current therapy, are considered AEs.  Where applicable, clinical sequelae (not the laboratory abnormality) are to be recorded as the AE. An abnormal laboratory test result must be reported as an adverse event if it is a change from baseline and meets any of the following criteria:  Associated with clinical symptoms  Results in a medical intervention (eg, potassium supplementation for hypokalemia or iron replacement therapy for anemia) or a change in concomitant therapy  Clinically significant in the investigator’s judgment