6.2. Study Treatment
6.2.1. Bridging Therapy for Phase 2 Safety Management Study, Cohort 3 (retreatment), Cohort 4, and Cohort 6 Bridging therapy will be supplied by the investigative site unless otherwise noted.  Sites should refer to the current product label for guidance on packaging, storage, preparation, administration, and toxicity management of bridging therapy. At the discretion of the investigator, bridging therapy may be considered for subjects retreated in Cohort 3 or enrolled in Cohort 4 and Cohort 6 with high disease burden at screening or baseline assessments (eg, bulky disease or rapidly progressing disease).  Allowed bridging therapy regimens are outlined in Table 2. Other bridging regimens may be considered but need to be discussed with the medical monitor on a case-by-case basis. Table 2. Bridging Therapy Regimens 
###TABLE###
 Abbreviations: IV, intravenous; CBC, complete blood count. a. The bridging therapy regimen may be chosen at the discretion of the investigator 6.2.2. Debulking Therapy for Phase 2 Safety Management Study, Cohort 5 Subjects enrolled into the Phase 2 Safety Management Study, Cohort 5 should receive debulking therapy to reduce lymphoma burden. Debulking therapy options are outlined in Table 3. Other debulking treatment options may be considered in select cases and must be discussed with the Kite medical monitor. The goal of the debulking therapy should be to optimally reduce lymphoma burden. 
###TABLE###
 Abbreviations: AUC, area under the curve. 6.2.3. Conditioning Chemotherapy Conditioning chemotherapy will be supplied by the investigative site unless otherwise noted.  Refer to the current product label for guidance on packaging, storage, preparation, administration and toxicity management associated with the administration of chemotherapy agents. 6.2.3.1. Fludarabine Fludarabine phosphate is a synthetic purine nucleoside that differs from physiologic nucleosides in that the sugar moiety is arabinose instead of ribose or deoxyribose.  Fludarabine is a purine antagonist antimetabolite. Refer to the most recent version of the package insert for specific details surrounding the administration of fludarabine. 6.2.3.2. Cyclophosphamide Cyclophosphamide is a nitrogen mustard-derivative alkylating agent.  Following conversion to active metabolites in the liver, cyclophosphamide functions as an alkylating agent; the drug also possesses potent immunosuppressive activity.  The serum half-life after IV administration ranges from 3-12 hours; the drug and/or its metabolites can be detected in the serum for up to 72 hours after administration. Refer to the most recent version of the package insert for specific details surrounding the administration of cyclophosphamide. 6.2.3.3. Mesna Mesna is a detoxifying agent used to inhibit the hemorrhagic cystitis induced by chemotherapy.  The active ingredient in mesna is a synthetic sulfhydryl compound designated as sodium-2-mercaptoethane sulfonate with a molecular formula of C2H5NaO3S2. Mesna should be administered per institutional guidelines.  Refer to the most recent version of the package insert for specific details surrounding the administration of mesna. 6.2.4. Axicabtagene Ciloleucel Refer to the most current IB regarding axicabtagene ciloleucel and clinical experience.  This section contains general information and is not intended to provide specific instructions.  Refer to the investigational product manual for details and instruction on storage and administration. Axicabtagene ciloleucel is supplied cryopreserved in cryostorage bags.  CCI The cryostorage bags containing axicabtagene ciloleucel arrive frozen in a liquid nitrogen dry shipper.  The bags must be stored in vapor phase of liquid nitrogen and the product remains frozen until the subject is ready for treatment to assure viable live autologous cells are administered to the subject. Several inactive ingredients are added to the product to assure viability and stability of the live cells through the freezing, thawing, and infusion process. Axicabtagene ciloleucel is a subject-specific product and the intended subject will be identified by a unique subject ID number.  Upon receipt, verification that the product and subject-specific labels match the subject’s information (e.g., initials, subject ID number) is essential.  Do not infuse the product if the information on the subject-specific label does not match the intended subject.  The volume of axicabtagene ciloleucel infused, the thaw start/stop time, and axicabtagene ciloleucel administration start/stop time, will all be noted in the subject medical record.  The product must not be thawed until the subject is ready for the infusion.  Refer to the Investigational Product Manual for details and instruction on storage, thawing, and administration of axicabtagene ciloleucel. To date, subjects have received doses of anti-CD19 CAR T cells ranging from 1-30 x 106 anti-CD19 CAR T cells/kg.  There have been no instances of accidental overdose of subjects in this program.  In case of accidental overdose, treatment should be supportive.  Corticosteroid therapy may be considered if any dose is associated with severe toxicity. If any problems related to the use of axicabtagene ciloleucel or any products that support the management of axicabtagene ciloleucel (eg, cryostorage bags, subject identification labels) required in this study are identified, please log on to www.kitepharma.com to report the complaint. 6.2.5. Concomitant Therapy During the course of the study, investigators may prescribe any concomitant medications or treatment deemed necessary to provide adequate supportive care except those medications listed in Section 6.2.6. All concurrent therapies, including medications, intubation, dialysis, oxygen, and blood products, will be recorded from the date of the informed consent through 3 months after completing treatment with axicabtagene ciloleucel.  After 3 months of follow-up, only targeted concomitant medication will be collected for 24 months after axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion or disease progression, whichever occurs first.  Targeted concomitant medications include gammaglobulin, immunosuppressive drugs, anti-infective drugs, and vaccinations. For subjects who are enrolled but not dosed with axicabtagene ciloleucel, concurrent therapies will only be recorded from the date of the informed consent through 30 days after the last study specific procedure (e.g., leukapheresis, conditioning chemotherapy).  For subjects who are not enrolled (e.g., screen failure or not leukapheresed), only concurrent therapies related to any serious adverse event(s) will be recorded. Specific concomitant medication collection requirements and instructions are included in the case report form (CRF) completion guidelines. 6.2.6. Excluded Medications Corticosteroid therapy at a pharmacologic dose (≥ 5 mg/day of prednisone or equivalent doses of other corticosteroids) and other immunosuppressive drugs must be avoided for 7 days prior to leukapheresis, and 5 days prior to axicabtagene ciloleucel administration. For the prophylactic use of steroid for Cohort 6, refer to Section 7.13.7. Corticosteroids and other immunosuppressive drugs should also be avoided for 3 months after axicabtagene ciloleucel administration, unless used to manage axicabtagene ciloleucel related toxicities (refer to the most current version of the IB).  Other medications that might interfere with the evaluation of the investigational product, such as non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents should also be avoided for the same time period unless medically necessary. Treatment for lymphoma such as chemotherapy, immunotherapy, targeted agents, radiation, and high dose corticosteroid, other than defined/allowed in this protocol, and other investigational agents are prohibited, except as needed for treatment of disease progression after the axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion. If permissibility of a specific medication/treatment is in question, please contact the Kite Pharma Medical Monitor. 6.2.7. Subsequent Therapy Subsequent therapy administered after the axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion for a subject’s disease, such as non-study specified chemotherapy, immunotherapy, targeted agents, as well as stem cell transplant and radiation therapy, will be recorded until the subject completes the long-term follow-up period, is considered lost to follow-up, withdraws consent, or dies.  For subjects who are enrolled, but do not receive axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion, any additional anti-cancer therapy will also be collected until the subject completes the long-term follow-up period, is considered lost to follow up, withdraws consent, or dies.