10.3. Sample Size Considerations
The anticipated enrollment in this study is approximately 268 to 286 subjects. Phase 1 Study:  Six to 24 subjects will be enrolled into each cohort in Phase 1 of this study. If the study proceeds to Phase 2 pivotal study, approximately 72 subjects will be enrolled into Cohort 1, and approximately 20 subjects will be enrolled into Cohort 2. In the Phase 2 safety management study, approximately 40 subjects will be enrolled into Cohort 3, approximately 40 subjects will be enrolled and dosed into Cohort 4, approximately 50 subjects will be enrolled and dosed into Cohort 5, and approximately 40 subjects will be enrolled and dosed into Cohort 6. ORR and all analyses based on the objective response (objective response, duration of response, progression-free survival) in the Phase 1 and Phase 2 portions of the study will be based on a mITT population consisting of all subjects who receive the target dose of axicabtagene ciloleucel. CCI For Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, the primary objective will be to assess the impact of prophylactic regimens, earlier interventions, debulking therapy, or prophylactic steroids on the rate and severity of CRS and neurologic toxicities.  ORR with axicabtagene ciloleucel treatment in subjects with relapsed or refractory DLBCL, PMBCL, TFL, or HGBCL in Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6 will be a secondary endpoint, and the analysis will be descriptive. 10.3.1. Phase 2 Pivotal Study, Cohort 1, and Cohort 2 This study uses a single arm design to test for an improvement in response rate CCI .  For the test of efficacy this study has ≥ 90% power to distinguish between an active therapy with a 40% true response rate from a therapy with a response rate of 20% or less with a 1-sided alpha level of 0.025. Within Cohort 1,CCI  1 primary analyses will be performed.  The primary analysis of Cohort 1 will occur after 72 subjects in the mITT set have had the opportunity to be assessed for response 6 months after the axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  The nominal alpha level for the assessment of efficacy at the primary analysis is 0.011. CCI For Cohorts 1 and 2 combined, 1 primary analysis will be performed when 72 subjects in the mITT set in Cohort 1 and 20 subjects in the mITT set in Cohort 2 have had the opportunity to be assessed for response 6 months after the axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  This testing will be performed at a 1-sided alpha level of 0.0075.  Descriptive confidence intervals about the ORRs within Cohorts 1 and 2 will be presented with the inferential analysis of Cohorts 1 and 2 combined. As indicated above, inferential testing of Cohort 1 will occur when 72 subjects in the mITT set in Cohort 1 have had the opportunity to be followed for 6 months after the axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  The efficacy data from any additional subjects (beyond 72) enrolled into Cohort 1 will be analyzed descriptively.  Similarly, inferential testing of Cohorts 1 and 2 will occur when 72 subjects in the mITT set of Cohort 1 and 20 subjects in the mITT set of Cohort 2 have had the opportunity to be followed for 6 months following the axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  The efficacy data from any additional subjects (beyond 92) enrolled into Cohorts 1 and 2 will be analyzed descriptively. The derivation of the alpha levels for the test of Cohort 1 and the overall study population were originally obtained under the assumption of 40 subjects enrolled into Cohort 2.  These original derivations are retained in this protocol amendment as they result in a more conservative alpha level for the test of Cohort 1. This procedure preserves the designated alpha level (1-sided) of 0.025 and has ≥ 90% power. 10.3.2. Phase 2 Safety Management Study The primary objective of Phase 2 safety management study Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6 is to assess the impact of prophylactic regimens, earlier interventions, debulking therapy, or prophylactic steroids on the rate and severity of CRS and neurologic toxicities.  The assessment of ORR is a secondary objective, and the analysis will be descriptive.