8. SUBJECT WITHDRAWAL
Subjects have the right to withdraw from the study at any time and for any reason without prejudice to their future medical care by the physician or at the institution. Subjects can decline to continue to receive study required treatment and/or other protocol required procedures at any time during the study but continue to participate in the study.  This is referred to as partial withdrawal of consent. If partial withdrawal of consent occurs, the investigator must discuss with the subject the appropriate process for discontinuation from investigational product, study treatment or other protocol required therapies and must discuss options for continued participation, completion of procedures and the associated data collection as outlined in the SOA. The level of followup and method of communication should also be discussed between the research staff and the subject and documented in the source documents. Withdrawal of full consent from a study means that the subject does not wish to receive further protocol required therapy or undergo procedures and the subject does not wish to continue further study follow-up.  Subject data collected up to withdrawal of consent will be retained and included in the analysis of the study, and where permitted by local regulations, publically available data (death records) can be included after withdrawal of consent.  The investigator is to discuss with the subject appropriate procedures for withdrawal from the study. As part of the study sites may be asked to conduct searches of public records, such as those establishing survival status, if available, to obtain survival data for any subject for whom the survival status is not known. Sites may be also asked to also retrieve autopsy reports to confirm status of disease at the time of death. The investigator and/or sponsor can also decide to withdraw a subject from the investigational product and/or other protocol-required therapies, protocol procedures, or the study as a whole or at any time prior to study completion.