7.12. Biomarkers
Biomarker analysis will be performed on blood and tumor samples to evaluate pharmacodynamic markers for axicabtagene ciloleucel.  Prognostic markers specific for large B-cell lymphoma and related to the tumor immune environment may also be evaluated in archived and fresh tumor biopsies. The presence, expansion, persistence, and immunophenotype of transduced anti-CD19 CAR T cells will be monitored in the blood primarily by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis, complemented by flow cytometry.  Expansion and persistence in peripheral blood will also be monitored by a CD19 CAR specific quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) assay. Levels of serum cytokines will be evaluated in serum to characterize the pharmacodynamic and safety profile of axicabtagene ciloleucel.  The following pro-inflammatory, homeostatic and immune modulating cytokines may be included in the panel: IL-6, IL-15, IL-17a, TNF-, GM-CSF, IFN-, IL-12p40/p70 and IL-13; immune effector molecules: Granzyme A, B and Perforin; correlates of acute phase response: CRP and SAA; Chemokines MIP-1, MIP-1β, MCP-1, IP-10, and IL-8. In addition, IL1Ra, IL2Rα, and ferritin will also be measured. CSF, as well as additional samples (eg, pleural fluid), may be harvested from subjects who develop neurologic toxicities or CRS to enable evaluation of inflammatory cytokines and chemokine levels.  As applicable, lymphocyte populations residing in the CSF, or other subject samples, may also be monitored for the purpose of understanding the safety profile of axicabtagene ciloleucel. Phase 2 Pivotal Study Phase 2 Safety Management Study For subjects enrolled in Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, or Cohort 6, lumbar punctures for collection of CSF samples will be performed at the following time points:  after eligibility is confirmed and prior to start of conditioning chemotherapy, after axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion on Day 5 (± 3 days), and at the Week 4 visit (± 3 days).  Collection of CSF samples will enable measurement of baseline cytokine levels prior to axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  Changes in levels of cytokines after axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion will be measured at the time of peak CAR T-cell expansion (Day 5) and at Week 4 when it is anticipated that cytokine levels would return to baseline levels. Infiltration of CAR T cells will also be assessed by flow cytometry in post-axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion CSF samples.  CCI For subjects enrolled in Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, additional blood will be collected on Day 1 (Cohort 6 only), Day 2 (Cohort 6 only), Day 3, Day 7, Day 10, and Week 3 after axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  The intent of the additional blood samples is to enable early monitoring of anti-CD19 CAR T-cell and serum cytokine levels in the blood of subjects treated more aggressively with tocilizumab and corticosteroids.  To balance the total amount of blood drawn over the first 3 months of therapy, blood volumes have been reduced at pre-specified time points (refer to the central laboratory manual for details). Phase 2 Pivotal Study and Safety Management Study Bone marrow samples may be collected for subjects who develop toxicities after axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion and will be analyzed centrally by immunohistochemistry for evidence of disease, treatment emergent toxicities (e.g. HLH, pancytopenia) and presence of anti-CD19 CAR T cells. Because axicabtagene ciloleucel comprises retroviral vector transduced T cells, the presence of RCR in the blood of treated subjects will be monitored.