10.8. Planned Method of Analysis
Phase 1 Study Descriptive analysis of the Phase 1 portion of the study may occur at any time. Phase 2 Pivotal Study The primary efficacy analyses of Cohort 1 will be performed when 72 subjects in the mITT set of Cohort 1 have had the opportunity to be evaluated for response 6 months after the axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  The primary analysis of Cohorts 1 and 2 combined will be performed when 72 subjects in the mITT set of Cohort 1 and 20 subjects in the mITT set of Cohort 2 have had the opportunity to be evaluated for response at 6 months after the target axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  Additional analyses may occur after the primary analysis.  These additional analyses will be descriptive and will occur after inferential testing has been performed.  The final analysis will occur when all subjects have completed the study. The primary endpoint of ORR for all analyses (CCI  primary) will be based on investigator review of disease assessments in the mITT set.  For Cohorts 1 and 2, sensitivity analyses of ORR based on central radiologic review of disease assessments will be performed. Analyses of efficacy endpoints will be summarized by study phase, for Cohort 1 alone, for Cohort 1 and Cohort 2 combined, and for Cohort 3 alone.  Analyses of safety endpoints will be evaluated by study phase, cohort, Cohort 1 and 2 combined. Phase 2 Safety Management Study The primary analysis of Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6 will occur after all treated subjects in each cohort have had the opportunity to be followed for 6 months, respectively.  The ORR in Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6 will be based on investigator review of disease assessment in the mITT set. No central radiologic review of disease assessment will be performed for these cohorts. Descriptive analyses of the Phase 2 SMS Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6 may occur at any time. 10.8.1. Objective Response Rate The incidence of objective response and exact 2-sided 95% confidence intervals will be generated.  For the Phase 2 pivotal study, Cohort 1 and Cohort 2, an exact binomial test will be used to compare the observed response rate to a response rate of 20%. 10.8.2. Duration of Response Kaplan-Meier estimates and 2-sided 95% confidence intervals will be generated for duration of response. Estimates of the proportion of subjects in response at 3-month intervals from the first response will be provided. The competing-risk analysis method (Pepe 1991; Fine and Gray 1999) may be used to estimate the cumulative incidence of relapse.  The cumulative incidence of relapse in the presence of non-disease related mortality (the competing risk) may be estimated along with 2-sided 95% confidence intervals at 3-month intervals. 10.8.3. Progression-free Survival Kaplan-Meier estimates and 2-sided 95% confidence intervals will be generated for progression-free survival time.  Estimates of the proportion of subjects alive and progression-free at 3-month intervals will be provided. 10.8.4. Overall Survival Kaplan-Meier estimates and 2-sided 95% confidence intervals will be generated for OS.  Estimates of the proportion of subjects alive at 3-month intervals will be provided. 10.8.5. Safety Subject incidence rates of adverse events including all, serious, fatal, CTCAE version 4 Grade 3 or higher and treatment related AEs reported throughout the conduct of the study will be tabulated by preferred term and system organ class.  Changes in laboratory values and CCI  will be summarized with descriptive statistics.  CCI For Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, the incidences and severity of CRS and neurologic toxicities may be compared to the rates in Cohort 1 and Cohort 2 combined with a binomial test. Tables and/or narratives of deaths through the long term follow-up and treatment related SAEs will be provided. 10.8.6. Long-term Data Analysis All subjects will be followed for survival for up to approximately 15 years after the last subject receives axicabtagene ciloleucel.  No formal hypothesis testing will be performed based on data obtained after the cutoff for the primary analysis.  Descriptive estimates of key efficacy and safety analyses may be updated to assess the overall treatment profile.