7.11. Laboratory
The below samples will be collected at the time points indicated in the SOA.  Additional samples (eg, blood, urine, CSF, tissue, etc) may be collected as needed for further safety testing. Local lab analysis:  Sodium (Na), potassium (K), chloride (Cl), total CO2 (bicarbonate), creatinine, glucose, blood urea nitrogen (BUN) or urea (if BUN test cannot be analyzed by the local lab), albumin, calcium total, magnesium total (Mg), inorganic phosphorus, alkaline phosphatase, ALT/glutamic-pyruvic transaminase (GPT), AST/glutamic-oxaloacetic transaminase (GOT), total bilirubin, direct bilirubin, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), uric acid  C-reactive protein (CRP)  Complete blood count (CBC) with differential  A urine or serum sample will be collected and assessed locally for females of childbearing potential.  If the screening pregnancy test is positive, the subjects should not be enrolled.  If a standard of care pregnancy test is collected during the course of the study, and the result is positive, the investigator should contact the Kite Pharma medical monitor for instructions.  If a female partner of a male subject becomes pregnant during the conduct of the study, it must be reported by contacting Kite Pharma Medical Monitor for instructions.  For EU sites, a serology (eg, HIV, hepatitis B, hepatitis C, syphilis) test will be carried out per institutional guidelines and EU regulations.  This may be administered within the 30 days prior to leukapheresis and/or on the day of leukapheresis. Central lab analysis:  Blood draws for PBMC (lymphocyte subsets, replication-competent retrovirus [RCR], and anti-CD19 CAR T-cell levels) and cytokine analysis will be performed at intervals outlined in the SOA.  Serum samples will also be evaluated centrally for anti-axicabtagene ciloleucel antibodies.  For serum samples that demonstrate increased anti-axicabtagene ciloleucel antibodies at the Month 3 visit over baseline values, attempts should be made to obtain and test additional serum samples approximately every 3 months until the antibody levels return to baseline (or becomes negative) or up to 1 year from the completion of treatment, whichever occurs first.  Archived tumor tissue  For subjects enrolled in Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, a block or 30 unstained slides should be submitted to the central laboratory for confirmatory diagnosis, CD19 expression, cell of origin, and determination of double/triple hit high grade lymphoma.  CSF and possibly bone marrow samples will also be collected and analyzed at the central laboratory as outlined in the schedule of assessments and per Section 7.12.  See central laboratory manual for details on sample collection, processing, and shipping instructions.