9.10. Safety Review Team and Dose-limiting Toxicity
Phase 1 Study The SRT will be specifically chartered to review safety data during Phase 1 of the study and make recommendations on further study conduct in Phase 1 and progression to Phase 2 based on the incidence of axicabtagene ciloleucel DLT and review of serious adverse events. Dose-limiting toxicity is defined as the following axicabtagene ciloleucel-related events with onset within the first 30 days following axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion:  Grade 4 neutropenia lasting longer than 21 days from the day of cell transfer  Grade 4 thrombocytopenia lasting longer than 35 days from the day of cell transfer  Any axicabtagene ciloleucel-related adverse event requiring intubation, including Grade 4 confusion requiring intubation for airway protection is considered to be a DLT.  All other Grade 3 toxicities lasting more than 3 days and all Grade 4 toxicities, with the exception of the following conditions which are not considered DLTs:  Aphasia/dysphasia or confusion/cognitive disturbance which resolves to Grade 1 or less within 2 weeks and to baseline within 4 weeks  Fever Grade 3  Myelosuppression (includes bleeding in the setting of platelet count less than 50 x109/L and documented bacterial infections in the setting of neutropenia), defined as lymphopenia, decreased hemoglobin, neutropenia and thrombocytopenia unless neutropenia and thrombocytopenia meet the DLT definition described above  Immediate hypersensitivity reactions occurring within 2 hours of cell infusion (related to cell infusion) that are reversible to a Grade 2 or less within 24 hours of cell administration with standard therapy  Hypogammaglobulinemia Grade 3 or 4 As noted in Section 6.4 CRS will be graded according to a revised grading system (Lee et al, 2014).  Adverse events attributed to CRS will be mapped to the overall CRS grading assessment for the determination of DLT. During Phase 1, approximately 6 to 24 subjects with DLBCL, PMBCL, or TFL will be enrolled to evaluate the safety of axicabtagene ciloleucel regimens. Subjects in each cohort will be evaluated for DLTs within the first 30 days following the completion of their respective axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  The analysis of DLTs will be based on the DLT evaluable set as defined in Section 10.5 .  The SRT will make recommendations based on the incidence of DLT and overall safety profile of the axicabtagene ciloleucel regimen.  If the subject incidence of DLT is ≤ 1 of 6 subjects, Cohort B1 may be explored or the study may proceed to Phase 2 of the trial.  This decision will be based on overall benefit/risk and available biomarker data. However, if 2 of the 6 enrolled subjects present with a protocol defined DLT during Phase 1, the SRT may recommend enrolling 2 additional sets of 3 subjects (up to 12 subjects in total) at the same dose that was administered in the first 6 subjects.  In this scenario, progression to an additional cohort or to Phase 2 of the study will proceed if ≤ 2 of the first 9 or if ≤ 3 of the 12 subjects present with a DLT. If the subject incidence of DLT is > 2/6, > 3/9, or > 4/12 subjects, other axicabtagene ciloleucel regimens may be explored in an additional 6 to 12 subjects (Figure 3).  The same DLT rules apply as above.