7.13. Description of Study Periods
Investigative sites will maintain a log of all screened subjects who were reviewed and evaluated for study participation.  Information collected on the screening log should include limited information such as the date of screening, date the subject was enrolled or the reason for why the subject failed screening. 7.13.1. Screening The screening period begins on the date the subject signs the IRB/IEC approved ICF and continues through confirmation of enrollment.  Informed consent must be obtained before completion of any non-standard of care study specific procedures.  Procedures that are part of standard of care are not considered study specific procedures and may be performed prior to obtaining consent and used to confirm eligibility.  Confirmation of this data must occur within the time allowance as outlined below and in the SOA. After written informed consent has been obtained, subjects will be screened to confirm study eligibility and participation.  Only subjects who meet the eligibility criteria listed in Section 5 and who commence leukapheresis will be enrolled in the study.  If at any time prior to enrollment the subject fails to meet the eligibility criteria, the subject should be designated as a screen failure on the subject screening log with the reasons for failing screening. The following assessments/procedures are to be completed during the screening period at the time points outlined in the SOA:  Medical history and disease assessment  Physical examination including height and weight  Subjects with symptoms of central nervous system malignancy such as new onset severe headaches, neck stiffness, or any focal neurologic findings on physical exam will have lumbar puncture for examination of cerebral spinal fluid.  Vital signs, including blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation, and temperature  ECOG performance status  For subjects enrolled in Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, EQ-5D questionnaire (prior to any other assessments/procedures being performed)  For subjects enrolled in Cohort 1, Cohort 2, or Cohort 3, neurological assessment including MMSE  ECG  ECHO for LVEF and pericardial effusion assessment  An ECHO performed following the subjects last chemotherapy treatment and within 28 days prior to signing the consent may be used for confirmation of eligibility  Imaging Studies  Brain MRI  Baseline PET-CT of the neck, chest, abdomen and pelvis  PET-CT performed following the subjects last line of therapy and prior to signing the consent may be used for confirmation of eligibility.  If PET CT is performed > 28 days prior to the initiation of conditioning chemotherapy or if subject receives any anti-cancer therapy between screening and conditioning chemotherapy, the scans must be repeated to establish a new baseline. For subjects in Cohort 5, if no conditioning chemotherapy is being administered, a PET-CT must be repeated to establish a new baseline prior to the axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion. PET-CT should be performed as close to enrollment as possible.  Bone marrow aspirate/biopsy as needed (if not done at initial diagnosis or between diagnosis and screening)  Labs  Chemistry panel  CBC with differential  β-HCG pregnancy test (serum or urine) on all women of child-bearing potential  Serious Adverse Event reporting (refer to Section 9 for safety reporting guidelines)  Concomitant medications documentation and previous cancer treatment history  Once eligibility confirmed, collection of archived tumor sample, as well as fresh tumor sample(s) CCI  For subjects assigned to Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, lumbar puncture for collection of CSF samples to be performed after eligibility confirmed and prior to start of conditioning chemotherapy 7.13.2. Rescreening Subjects who are unable to complete or meet the eligibility criteria during the 28-day screening period will be permitted to rescreen one time.  Subjects will retain the same subject identification number assigned at the original screening. If rescreening occurs within 28 days of the signing of the original informed consent, only the procedure(s)/assessment(s) that did not originally meet the eligibility criteria needs to be repeated; all other initial screening procedures/assessments do not need to be repeated. If rescreening occurs, or leukapheresis is delayed, more than 28 days from the signing of the original informed consent, subjects must be reconsented and repeat all screening procedures/assessments. 7.13.3. Enrollment/Leukapheresis If any screening assessments or procedures are repeated between confirmation of eligibility and the start of leukapheresis and results are outside the eligibility criteria listed in Section 5, contact the Kite medical monitor prior to proceeding with leukapheresis. Before leukapheresis commences, the following criteria must be met.  If criteria are not met, leukapheresis must be delayed until the event resolves.   If leukapheresis is delayed beyond 5 days, baseline CBC with differential and chemistry panel must be repeated.  If results are outside eligibility criteria listed in Section 5, contact the Kite medical monitor prior to proceeding with leukapheresis.  No evidence or suspicion of an infection Once a subject commences leukapheresis, the subject will be considered enrolled into the study. The following procedures/requirements will occur on the leukapheresis collection day and as outlined in the SOA:  Vital signs, including blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation, and temperature  Weight  Labs (to be drawn prior to leukapheresis, on the day of or day before leukapheresis)  Chemistry panel  CBC with differential  CRP; if CRP is ≥ 100 mg/L a call must be made to the Kite medical monitor before proceeding with conditioning chemotherapy  Anti-CD19 CAR T cells  Lymphocyte subsets  Cytokine levels  Anti-axicabtagene ciloleucel antibodies  Leukapheresis  Adverse/Serious Adverse Event reporting  Concomitant medications documentation 7.13.4. Bridging Therapy Phase 2 Safety Management Study If prescribed, bridging therapy must be administered after enrollment and completed prior to initiating conditioning chemotherapy per the specifications outlined in Section 6 for bridging therapy.  Adverse/Serious Adverse Event reporting  Concomitant medications documentation 7.13.5. Debulking Therapy Phase 2 Safety Management Study, Cohort 5 Debulking chemotherapy must be administered after enrollment and should be completed at least 14 days prior to initiating conditioning chemotherapy or at least 14 days prior to axicabtagene ciloleucel administration in case conditioning chemotherapy is omitted. Radiotherapy must be administered after enrollment and should be completed at least 5 days prior to initiating conditioning chemotherapy or at least 5 days prior to axicabtagene ciloleucel administration in case conditioning chemotherapy is omitted. 7.13.6. Conditioning Chemotherapy Period If any screening assessments or procedures are repeated between screening and the start of conditioning chemotherapy and results are outside the eligibility criteria (Section 5), contact the Kite medical monitor for approval prior to proceeding with conditioning chemotherapy. If PET-CT will be older than 28 days at the initiation of conditioning chemotherapy or if the subject receives any anti-cancer therapy with therapeutic intent (eg, radiation, supraphysiologic doses of steroids, chemotherapy) between the last PET-CT and initiation of conditioning chemotherapy, the PET-CT must be repeated to establish a new baseline. Subjects in Cohort 5 and Cohort 6 may proceed with conditioning chemotherapy in absence of measurable disease in the new baseline PET-CT if they have received preceding bridging or debulking therapy (Cohort 5). The investigational product (axicabtagene ciloleucel) must be available before initiation of conditioning chemotherapy. 7.13.6.1. Requirements for Initiating Conditioning Chemotherapy Administration of anti-CD19 CAR T cells to subjects with ongoing infection or inflammation, even if such processes are asymptomatic, increases the risk of high grade and fatal toxicity. All efforts should be made to rule out such conditions prior to cell infusion. Signs, symptoms or abnormal laboratory results attributed to the malignancy (eg “tumor fever,” elevated CRP) are diagnoses of exclusion that require a documented workup to establish. Conditioning chemotherapy and axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion should only be initiated after it is reasonably assured that cell infusion can safely proceed. If any of the following criteria are met prior to initiation of conditioning chemotherapy, then the work-up listed in Section 7.13.7.3 must be performed to determine the potential cause if there is no identified source of infection.  Temperature > 38°Celsius within 72 hours of conditioning chemotherapy  CRP > 100 mg/L anytime between enrollment to start of conditioning chemotherapy  WBC count or WBC differential that is suggestive of infectious process, and is observed between enrollment and the initiation of conditioning chemotherapy (eg WBC > 20,000/µL, rapidly increasing WBC, or differential with high percentage of segments/bands) Additionally:  If any screening assessments or procedures are repeated between confirmation of eligibility and the start of conditioning chemotherapy and results are outside the eligibility criteria listed in Section 5, then the condition must resolve prior to proceeding with conditioning chemotherapy.  Complete history and physical exam including head, ears, eyes, nose, and throat (HEENT) exam, cardiac, vascular, respiratory, gastrointestinal, integumentary, and neurological systems must not reveal evidence of infection/inflammation.  The subject must not have received systemic antimicrobials for the treatment of known or suspected infection within 48 hours before conditioning chemotherapy (prophylactic use of antimicrobials is allowed).  Treatment course of any antimicrobials given for known or suspected antecedent infection should be complete as per infectious disease consult (if applicable) recommendation before stopping or switching to prophylactic antimicrobials.  If the subject is confirmed to have an infectious process for which antimicrobials are not available (eg, viral pneumonia), the infection must be clinically resolved as determined by the investigator and in consultation with infectious disease service (if applicable).  The most recently collected blood, urine, or other body fluid cultures must show no growth for at least 48 hours, and any other infectious workup performed (eg, bacterial, viral serologies, PCR, stood studies, imaging studies) must be negative. If clinical suspicion is for an infection for which cultures are unlikely to be positive within 48 hours (eg, fungal infection), adequate time must be allowed for cultures to become positive. Once the above criteria are met, then the subject can proceed with conditioning chemotherapy. 7.13.6.2. Conditioning Chemotherapy Administration The following procedures will be completed during Day –5 to Day –3 at the time points outlined in the SOA:  Vital signs, including blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation, and temperature  Labs (to be drawn prior to chemotherapy)  Chemistry Panel  CBC with differential  Fludarabine and cyclophosphamide administration  Adverse/Serious Adverse Event reporting  Concomitant medications documentation  Cytokine levels (Cohort 5 only) 7.13.7. Investigational Product Treatment Period 7.13.7.1. Requirements for Initiating Axicabtagene Ciloleucel Infusion If any of the following criteria are met prior to the initiation of axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion, then the work-up listed in Section 7.13.7.3 must be performed to determine the potential cause if there is no identified source of infection.  Temperature > 38°Celsius within 72 hours of axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  CRP > 100 mg/L anytime between enrollment to start of conditioning chemotherapy  WBC count or WBC differential, that is suggestive of infectious process, and is observed between enrollment and the initiation of axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion (eg, WBC > 20,000/µL, rapidly increasing WBC, or differential with high percentage or segments/bands)  Additionally: If any screening assessments or procedures are repeated between confirmation of eligibility and the start of axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion and results are outside the eligibility criteria listed in Section 5, then the condition must resolve prior to proceeding with axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion (except for peripheral blood cell counts that have been impacted by conditioning chemotherapy)  Complete history and physical exam including HEENT exam, cardiac, vascular, respiratory, gastrointestinal, integumentary, and neurological systems must not reveal evidence of infection/inflammation.  The subject must not have received systemic antimicrobials for the treatment of a known or suspected infection within 48 hours before axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion (prophylactic use of antimicrobials is allowed)  Treatment course of any antimicrobials given for known or suspected antecedent infection should be complete as per infectious disease consult (if applicable) recommendation before stopping or switching to prophylactic antimicrobials  If a subject is confirmed to have an infectious process for which antimicrobials are not available (eg, viral pneumonia), the infection must be clinically resolved as determined by the investigator in consultation with infectious disease service (if applicable).  Most recently collected blood, urine, or other body fluid cultures must show no growth for at least 48 hours, and any other infectious workup performed (eg, bacterial, viral serologies, PCR, stool studies, imaging studies) must be negative. If clinical suspicion is for an infection for which cultures are unlikely to be positive within 48 hours (eg, fungal infection), adequate time must be allowed for cultures to become positive. After the above criteria are met, then the subject can proceed with administration of axicabtagene ciloleucel. For Cohort 6 only, dexamethasone CCI should be given prior to axicabtagene ciloleuclel infusion (refer to Section 7.13.7.2). If the axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion is delayed > 2 weeks from the planned infusion date, protocol guidelines should be followed regarding the need for repeat conditioning chemotherapy. 7.13.7.2. Monitoring After Axicabtagene Ciloleucel Infusion All subjects will receive axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion at a healthcare facility followed by daily monitoring at a healthcare facility for at least 7 days unless otherwise required by country regulatory agencies (refer to Appendix B) to monitor for signs and symptoms of CRS and neurologic toxicities.  Alternatively, subjects may be hospitalized to receive their axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion and be observed for CRS and neurologic toxicities in the hospital setting, if deemed appropriate by the investigator. If subjects are hospitalized, subjects should not be discharged from the hospital until all axicabtagene ciloleucel related non-hematological toxicities return to ≤ Grade 1 or return to baseline.  Subjects may be discharged with non-critical and clinically stable or improving toxicities (eg, renal insufficiency) even if > Grade 1, if deemed appropriate by the investigator.  Subjects should remain in a hospital for ongoing axicabtagene ciloleucel-related fever, hypotension, hypoxia, or ongoing central neurologic toxicities > Grade 1, or if deemed necessary by the investigator. Subjects should be instructed to remain within proximity of the clinical study site for at least 4 weeks following axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion.  Subjects and their family members/caregivers should be educated on potential CRS and neurologic symptoms, such as fever, dyspnea, confusion, aphasia, dysphagia, somnolence, encephalopathy, ataxia, or tremor.  Subjects or their family members/caregivers should be instructed to immediately contact the treating investigator or seek immediate medical attention if any of these symptoms develop. During this period, the following procedures will be completed at the time points outlined in the SOA:  Neurological assessment including MMSE for subjects enrolled in Cohort 1, Cohort 2, or Cohort 3  MMSE will be administered before treatment with axicabtagene ciloleucel on Day 0, and then on Day 1 and every other day during the 7-day post-infusion monitoring period.  Vital signs including blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation, and temperature, daily at a health care facility for at least 7 days  Labs (before axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion, as described in the SOA)  Chemistry Panel  CBC with differential  Lymphocyte subsets  Cytokine levels  Anti-CD19 CAR T cells  RCR analysis  Cohort 6 only: Dexamethasone CCI  Infusion of axicabtagene ciloleucel  For subjects enrolled in Cohort 3, administer tocilizumab at a dose of CCI IV over 1 hour (not to exceed 800 mg) on Day 2. See Section 6.3.4 for further details on additional tocilizumab administration for toxicity management.  For subjects enrolled in Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, administer levetiracetam at a dose of 750 mg (PO or IV) BID starting on Day 0.  See Section 6.4 for further details on administration and discontinuation of levetiracetam for toxicity management. If subject does not experience any neurologic toxicities ≥ Grade 2, taper and discontinue levetiracetam as clinically indicated.  For subjects assigned to Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, lumbar puncture for collection of CSF samples at Day 5 (± 3 days)  Subjects in Cohort 5 and Cohort 6 may proceed with axicabtagene ciloleucel if the new baseline PET-CT shows an absence of measurable disease.  As applicable, lumbar puncture, for subjects with new onset Grade ≥ 2 neurologic symptoms after axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion CCI CCI  Concomitant medications documentation Monitoring of CRP, ferritin, and LDH (only if LDH is elevated at baseline) levels may assist with the diagnosis and define the clinical course in regards to CRS/neurologic toxicities.  It is, therefore, recommended that CRP, ferritin, and LDH (if elevated at baseline) be monitored daily starting at Day 0 and for at least 7 days at a healthcare facility. In addition, lactate should be monitored as clinically indicated. 7.13.7.3. Requirements for Work-up Potential Infectious and/or Inflammatory States In the absence of an identified source of infection (eg, line infection, pneumonia on chest x-ray), the minimum workup to be performed prior to administration of conditioning chemotherapy and/or axicabtagene ciloleucel consists of the following:  Call Kite medical monitor  Infectious disease service consult (if available)  CT imaging of the chest, abdomen, and pelvis with IV contrast. If there is a medical contraindication to contrast, then non-contrast CT is allowed.  The following must be performed (prior to the initiation of antimicrobials if clinically feasible):  Blood cultures (aerobic and anaerobic x 2 bottles each) and urinalysis and urine culture. Deep/induced sputum culture if clinically indicated.  All indwelling lines, such as central venous catheters, should be examined for any signs of infection and additional cultures should be drawn from the line  Nasopharyngeal-throat swab or equivalent assay for viral infection such as influenza A/B (including H1N1), parainfluenza 1/2/3, adenovirus, respiratory syncytial virus, coronavirus, metapneumovirus  Collection of fungal cultures and markers as appropriate (eg, galactomannan, fungitell)  Collection of appropriate serum viral studies (eg, cytomegalovirus [CMV])  If a central nervous system process is suspected, appropriate brain imaging and subsequent lumbar puncture with cytology, culture, Gram stain, and viral PCR should be performed.  Any additional sign or symptom-directed investigation should be performed as clinically indicated. Prior to proceeding with conditioning chemotherapy and/or axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion, the above workup must not suggest the presence of an active infection and all requirements for conditioning chemotherapy and/or axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion must be satisfied. If the axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion is delayed > 2 weeks following conditioning chemotherapy, protocol guidelines should be followed regarding the need for repeat conditioning chemotherapy. If the above workup was triggered due to CRP > 100 mg/L, CRP should be repeated. If CRP continues to increase significantly, an evaluation should be performed for any other potential infectious or inflammatory condition that was not previously evaluated. 7.13.8. Post-treatment Assessment Period After completing axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion and completing the minimum 7-day observation period, all subjects will be followed in the post-treatment assessment period. Counting from Day 0 (axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion), subjects will return to the clinic at the following intervals.  Week 2 (± 2 days)  Week 3 (± 2 days) for subjects enrolled in Cohort 4 only  Week 4 (± 3 days)  Month 2 (± 1 week)  Month 3 (± 1 week) Subject will allow key sponsor contacts to continue to access medical records so that information related to subjects health condition and initial treatment response may be obtained.  The following procedures will be completed for subjects as outlined in the SOA:  For subjects enrolled in Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, EQ-5D questionnaire (prior to any other assessments/procedures being performed)  For subjects enrolled in Cohort 1, Cohort 2, or Cohort 3, neurological assessment including MMSE  PET-CT for disease assessment: If the PET-CT is not of high enough resolution, the scan must be repeated.  Refer to the imaging charter for detailed instructions.  As applicable, bone marrow aspirate/biopsy to confirm response (i.e., for subjects presenting with bone marrow involvement prior to therapy or if new abnormalities in the peripheral blood counts or blood smear cause clinical suspicion of bone marrow involvement with lymphoma after treatment)  Physical exam  Vital signs, including blood pressure, heart rate, oxygen saturation, and temperature  Labs  Chemistry Panel  CBC with differential  β-HCG pregnancy test (serum or urine) on all women of child-bearing potential  Anti-axicabtagene ciloleucel antibodies  Cytokine levels  Lymphocyte subsets  Anti-CD19 CAR T cells  RCR analysis  For subjects enrolled in Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, taper or discontinue levetiracetam as clinically indicated.  See Section 6.4 for further details.  For subjects assigned to Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, lumbar puncture for collection of CSF samples at Week 4 (± 3 days)  Adverse/Serious Adverse Event reporting (refer to Section 9 for safety reporting guidelines)  Concomitant medications documentation If a subject is admitted to the hospital during the 7-day observation period, discharged, and is subsequently re-admitted to the hospital with any axicabtagene ciloleucel related adverse event(s), the following labs will be collected on the day of hospital re-admission and then weekly through and including on the day of discharge:  PBMCs (anti-CD19 CAR T cells)  Cytokines At any time during the post treatment assessment period, if a subject progresses and is either not eligible for re-treatment or chooses not to pursue re-treatment, the subject will proceed directly to the Month 3 visit and be followed for survival, subsequent therapy and disease outcomes in the long term follow-up period.  A PBMC (for anti-CD19 CAR T cells) and serum sample (for cytokine evaluation) should be collected at the time of progression, prior to starting any subsequent anti-cancer therapy. 7.13.9. Long-term Follow-up Period All enrolled subjects will be followed in the long term follow-up period for survival and disease status, if applicable.  Subjects will begin the long term follow-up period after they have completed the Month 3 visit of the post treatment assessment period (whether they have responded to treatment or went straight to the Month 3 visit due to disease progression)  Every 3 months (± 2 weeks) through Month 18  Every 6 months (± 1 month) between Month 24 - Month 60  Beginning with year 6, Month 72 (± 3 months), subjects will return to the clinic 1 time annually up to 15 years. The following procedures will be completed for subjects who are enrolled and receive axicabtagene ciloleucel at the time points outlined in the SOA:  For subjects enrolled in Cohort 3, Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, EQ-5D questionnaire (prior to any other assessments/procedures being performed)  Physical exam  PET-CT/ Disease assessment through 24 months or until disease progression, whichever occurs first. If subject’s disease has not progressed by Month 24, disease assessments will continue to be performed per institutional standard of care.  Survival status  Labs  CBC with differential  Anti-axicabtagene ciloleucel antibodies (refer to Section 7.11)  Lymphocyte subsets  Anti-CD19 CART-cell levels  RCR analysis  Subsequent therapy for the treatment of NHL  Refer to Sections 9.2 and 9.4 for targeted adverse/serious adverse event reporting  Neurological, hematological, infections, autoimmune disorders, and secondary malignancies  Targeted concomitant medication documentation (for 24 months or until disease progression, whichever occurs first)  Gammaglobulins, immunosuppressive drugs, anti-infectives, and vaccinations Subjects may be contacted by telephone to confirm survival status and report targeted concomitant medication use. If a subject progresses in the long-term follow-up (LTFU) phase, the subject will continue to be followed for survival status and subsequent therapy for the treatment of NHL.  A PBMC sample (for anti-CD19 CAR T cells) and serum (for cytokine evaluation) should be collected at the time of progression, prior to starting any subsequent anti-cancer therapy. The following procedures/assessments will be completed for subjects who are enrolled, but do not receive axicabtagene ciloleucel, at the time points outlined in the SOA:  Subsequent therapy for the treatment of NHL  Survival status  Disease assessment per standard of care  Adverse/Serious Adverse Event reporting and concomitant medication documentation until 30 days after last procedure (e.g., leukapheresis, conditioning chemotherapy). Should the subject fail to return to the clinic for a scheduled protocol specific visit, sites will need to make 2 attempts by a combination of telephone and mail to contact the subject. Sites must document both attempts to contact the subject.  If a subject does not respond within 1 month after the second contact the subject will be considered lost to follow-up and no additional contact will be required. 7.13.10. Retreatment Subjects who achieve a partial response (PR) or CR will have an option to receive a second course of conditioning chemotherapy and axicabtagene ciloleucel under the following conditions:  Subject had a PR or CR  Subjects disease subsequently progress CCI CCI   Subjects who are retreated will follow the same treatment schedule and procedural requirements per the initial treatment. Subjects enrolled in Phase 2 will receive the same axicabtagene ciloleucel regimen as the original target dose.  Subjects enrolled in Phase 1 will receive the axicabtagene ciloleucel regimen selected for Phase 2 if they are retreated. CCI CCI 
###TABLE###
 CCI For subjects enrolled in Cohort 3,Cohort 4, Cohort 5, and Cohort 6, lumbar punctures for collection of CSF samples will be performed at the following time points: after eligibility is confirmed and prior to start of conditioning chemotherapy, post axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion on Day 5 (±3 days), and at the Week 4 visit (±3 days). 7. If a subject is admitted to the hospital within the 7-day observation period is discharged and then subsequently re-admitted to the hospital with any axicabtagene ciloleucel related adverse events, blood samples for anti-CD19 CAR T cells and cytokines will be collected on day of hospital re-admission and then weekly through and including the day of discharge. Blood samples for anti-CD19 CAR T cells and cytokines should also be collected at the time of disease progression prior to starting any subsequent anticancer therapy. 8. For subjects enrolled in Cohort 3, administer tocilizumab at a dose of 8 mg/kg IV over 1 hour (not to exceed 800mg) on Day 2. See Sections 6.3.4 for further details. 9. For subjects enrolled in Cohorts 3, 4, 5, and 6, administer levetiracetam at a dose of 750 mg (PO or IV) BID starting on Day 0. See Sections 6.3.4 and 6.4.1 for further details. 10. For subjects enrolled in Cohorts 4 and 5, blood draw for Anti-CD19 CAR T cells will be collected on Day 3, Day 7, Day 10. For subjects enrolled in Cohort 6, blood draw for anti-CD19 CAR T cells will be collected on Day 1, Day 2, Day 3, Day 7, and Day 10. 11. Blood draw for cytokines: prior to axicabtagene ciloleucel infusion on Day 0, then on Day 1, and then every other day during the 7 day post infusion monitoring period. For subjects enrolled in Cohort 5, additional cytokine sample after debulking therapy from Day -5 prior to conditioning chemotherapy. For subjects enrolled in Cohort 6, additional cytokine sample will be drawn on Day 2. 12. Refer to Appendix B for requirements by country regulatory agencies. 13. For subjects enrolled in Cohort 6, administer dexamethasone CCI 
###TABLE###
